Support `vendor.yaml` as a new way of vendoring components, stacks or any other artifacts (#448)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/vendor/vendor-pull.md

sidebar_label: pull
sidebar_class_name: command
id: pull
description: Use this command to pull sources and mixins from remote repositories for Terraform and Helmfile components and stacks.
---

:::note Purpose

> Use this command to pull sources and mixins from remote repositories for Terraform and Helmfile components and stacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command implements [Atmos Vendoring](/core-concepts/vendoring/). Use this command to download all sources and mixins from remote repositories for Terraform and Helmfile components and stacks.
```

## Examples

```shell
atmos vendor pull
atmos vendor pull -c infra/account-map
atmos vendor pull -c infra/vpc-flow-logs-bucket
atmos vendor pull -c echo-server -t helmfile
atmos vendor pull -c infra/account-map --dry-run
```

<br/>

:::note

When executing the `atmos vendor pull` command, Atmos performs the following steps to decide which vendoring manifest to use:

- If `vendor.yaml` manifest is found (in the directory from which the command is executed), Atmos will parse the file and execute the command
  against it. If the flag `--component` is not specified, Atmos will vendor all the artifacts defined in the `vendor.yaml` manifest.
  If the flag `--component` is passed in, Atmos will vendor only that component

> 

Reviewer: Will it also search for the `vendor.yaml` in the `components.terraform.base_path` from the `atmos.yaml`?

Reviewer: I think it should also check the `base_path` in `atmos.yaml`
